hi hello youtube friends i am anime
hd fans and today I bring you the pack of
original music of the Australians
and I've seen many fans of the series
looking for soundtracks and that's why
I have decided to share it with you
and I've uploaded it to 4 charette and mediafire
as we can see the pack weighs 254 point
11 MB here you can download totally
free do not need an account or anything
like that
here at 4chan if they need an account
here if you do not know how to give yourself a
account here put your email
your new password and give it here then
they go to your email
open
the mail that pictures send to you is for
verify your account here you give this
url and you will have your account created
When they have their account created, enter
your account and your password
and they give you initial section and here already
can download dan download
download for free and you will start
download automatically I'm going to
cancel because I already have it
when they already have
run file give you right click is to bring
here
they will be extracted
has seen them I will not play the
sound
of these soundtracks for things from
copyright then I'm just going to
show the contents of the pack
the spa has 3
they are behind the series the first
how they see it here are they are 30
counting on the opening first and
first of the series tv version
have 1 minute 20 seconds out there
and the scans that are the images that
they come with the site
the second soundtrack also has
30 and here is the second opening and
second ending of the series also see
feel
decide
and the third
with 28
and the scale
well I have added this folder to
part of the original contract that contains
the opening and ending of the series
totally full version
as we can see here
good this double folder 0 is a fan of
see what he does with the Latino
and anime
last year and won the best fan award
hard of 2013 and for me it is one of the
best fans I've heard
he made the first opening and first in
link to give us
and here they are with their lyrics
as you can see and your YouTube channel here is
your YouTube channel
I give them the credits for having used
your covers in my pack and here as you can
see has
to the rough to see if they like they can go through
your channel
well now we go to my channel
well here are my videos and if you like
can see it
to make you watch the video give him the
manito up comment subscribe and
until next time
goodbye